# Tom StaglAIno

A Discord bot that impersonates Tom Stagliano using GPT-2.

Since incoherent text generated by GPT-2 and Tom's Quora answers are both great for laughs, I asked myself: hey, what if I combined those two?

Introducing Tom StaglAIno™: the latest and greatest technological advancement in giving questionable advice! Using GPT-2 (and 3000 answers scraped from Quora's slow and terrible website), I was able to emulate Tom almost perfectly.

I used that model to create a Discord bot as well. Check it out [in this server](https://discord.gg/X2y2qrT)! Alternatively, [add him to your server using this link](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client_id=729060467959660554&permissions=2048&scope=bot).

(The bot is a bit slow because of GPT-2 so it might take a while to respond)

## Commands

### Advice

Command: `tom pls give advice`.

Aliases: `tom pls give wisdom`.

Action: Uses GPT-2 to generate some advice.

### Ping

Command: `tom pls give ping`.

Action: Pings bot, returns bot delay in ms.

### About

Command: `tom pls give about`.

Aliases: `tom pls give stats`.

Action: Shows bot statistics and technical data.

### Help

Command: `tom pls give help`.

Action: Shows help information.

### Invite

Command: `tom pls give invite`.

Action: Sends a bot invite link.

### GitHub Repo

Command: `tom pls give github`.

Aliases: `tom pls give source`.

Action: Sends the bot GitHub repo link

## License

MIT (How fitting)

## Highlights

- `If you are not on the student council, then why are you still a student?`

- `You do Not need a license to work on your child’s private parts (sitting in the public seat). Use common sense and work with your child to find the parenting model that best fits your child’s individual situation.`

- `USA??? The only way to get a F-1 student visa to attend college in the USA is to apply to your college’s campus police department, who are independent bodies and have independent rules for the admission of college students. Indeed, many of the US elite Private colleges have Volunteer Explorers who go to other planets to explore….. During the pandemic you should have: Been in a good-paying job for a while, and are now satisfied with your college education. Been recruited by one of the colleges to be a college ice hockey or team captain and then offered a scholarship to college. However, your application could have gone either way, but I believe the F-1 colleges (USA and Canada) like to have freshmen applicants compete every year for a single year with seniors…`

- `There is no age limit for a COVID-19 application. However, the college will send a letter of acceptance to the applicant, and you will need to use your official time to meet the deadline by enlisting in the military or getting a medical treatment. If you apply in August or September of 2020, and are accepted in mid-August 2020, and you did not apply in April (or earlier) of 2021, the wait may be longer than 5 to 7 years. Good luck.`

- `Belle Delphine is one of the best athletes I know. I coached her to a NCAA lacrosse championship in judo and she won. And she did that ten months later, at age 17. I coached our sons to NCAA lacrosse in the 1970 Olympics. And I am still “cautiously” following her every move (towards the Olympic Village). I love coaching younger girls and it truly is a “family”, especially if you are one of the two or three sisters`

## Disclaimers

This bot is entirely for satire. Any semblance to the real Tom Stagliano is purely coincidental.

This repo is in no way associated with OpenAI.
